Update dogfood server documentation (#1658)
sourcegraph/about: handbook/engineering/deployments.md

### sourcegraph.sgdev.org

[![Build status](https://badge.buildkite.com/135a00d4fba76ec97944bfb2fc28015d1565e0525853b4de06.svg)](https://buildkite.com/sourcegraph/deploy-sourcegraph-dogfood-server)

> This deployment runs the single-image version of Sourcegraph. Its deployed by the [infrastructure repository](https://github.com/sourcegraph/deploy-sourcegraph-dogfood-server) and uses the shared `dogfood` cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This deployment runs the single-image version of Sourcegraph. It is deployed by the [infrastructure repository](https://github.com/sourcegraph/deploy-sourcegraph-dogfood-server) and uses the shared `dogfood` cluster (also used by [k8s.sgdev.org](#k8s-sgdev-org)).
```
